stal.aanderaa hao.wang
john.addison stephen.kleene
len.adleman manuel.blum
al.aho john.hopcroft
howard.aiken e.l.chaffee
helmut.alt kurt.mehlhorn
dana.angluin manuel.blum
robert.ashenhurst howard.aiken
bengt.aspvall bob.tarjan
owen.astrachan don.loveland
mike.atallah rao.kosaraju
baruch.awerbuch shimon.even
paul.axt stephen.kleene
brenda.baker ron.book
ted.baker juris.hartmanis
g.m.baudet h.t.kung
richard.bellman solomon.lefschetz
michael.ben-or michael.rabin
sam.bent bob.tarjan
jon.bentley donald.stanat
hans.berliner allen.newell
fran.berman bob.ritchie
len.berman juris.hartmanis
sandeep.bhatt charles.leiserson
g.d.birkhoff e.h.moore
meera.blattner shelia.greibach
peter.bloniarz albert.meyer
lenore.blum gerald.sacks
manuel.blum marvin.minsky
ron.book sheila.greibach
william.boone alonzo.church
kelly.booth dick.karp
allan.borodin juris.hartmanis
gilles.brassard john.hopcroft
seth.breidbart ron.book
fred.brooks howard.aiken
feliz.browder solomon.lefschetz
mark.brown don.knuth
james.burns nancy.lynch
bob.caviness alan.perlis
ashok.chandra zohar.manna
john.cherniavsky bob.constable
alonzo.church oswald.veblen
ed.clarke bob.constable
richard.cole john.hopcroft
george.collins barkley.rosser
doug.comer ravi.sethi
bob.constable stephen.kleene
steve.cook hao.wang
richard.courant david.hilbert
haskell.curry david.hilbert
robert.daley don.loveland
martin.davis alonzo.church
eliezer.dekel sartaj.sahni
alan.demers jeff.ullman
nachum.dershowitz zohar.manna
danny.dolev zohar.manna
peter.downey ron.book
scot.drysdale andy.yao
cynthia.dwork john.hopcroft
patrick.dymond steve.cook
j.c.early bob.floyd
alan.emerson ed.clarke
shimon.even hao.wang
a.m.farley allen.newell
jean.ferrante albert.meyer
faith.fich dick.karp
ion.filotti manuel.blum
mike.fischer sheila.greibach
pat.fischer hartley.rogers
philippe.flajolet jean.vuillemin
amelia.fong jeff.ullman
steve.fortune john.hopcroft
alfred.foster alonzo.church
mike.fredman don.knuth
emily.friedman ron.book
merrick.furst john.hopcroft
zvi.galil john.hopcroft
john.gilbert bob.tarjan
igal.golan michael.rabin
shafi.goldwasser manuel.blum
teofilo.gonzalez sartaj.sahni
dan.greene don.knuth
albert.greenberg richard.ladner
sheila.greibach tony.oettinger
leo.guibas don.knuth
dan.gusfield dick.karp
joe.halpern albert.meyer
marshall.hall oystein.ore
mike.hammer mike.fischer
david.harel albert.meyer
juris.hartmanis r.p.dilworth
matt.hecht jeff.ullman
peter.honeyman jeff.ullman
john.hopcroft r.l.matson
ned.horvath jeff.ullman
ellis.horowitz george.collins
scott.huddleston bob.ritchie
harry.hunt john.hopcroft
neil.immerman juris.hartmanis
jeff.jaffe albert.meyer
j.h.jou pat.fischer
john.kam jeff.ullman
ming.kao dan.gusfield
oded.kariv shimon.even
narendra.karmarkar dick.karp
dick.karp tony.oettinger
howard.katseff manuel.blum
john.kemeny alonzo.church
a.j.kfoury mike.paterson
c.m.r.kintala pat.fischer
stephen.kleene alonzo.church
don.knuth marshall.hall
dexter.kozen juris.hartmanis
ken.krohn hao.wang
richard.ladner r.w.robinson
shui.lam ravi.sethi
susan.landau gary.miller
gene.lawler tony.oettinger
kurt.mehlhorn bob.constable
albert.meyer tom.cheatham
silvio.micali manuel.blum
gary.miller manuel.blum
webb.miller bob.ritchie
marvin.minsky albert.tucker
robert.moll albert.meyer
e.h.moore h.a.newton
joel.moses marvin.minsky
steve.muchnick bob.constable
jean.musinski john.hopcroft
greg.nelson bob.tarjan
mike.odonnell bob.constable
colm.odunlaing ron.book
tony.oettinger howard.aiken
derek.oppen steve.cook
oystein.ore thor.skolem
sue.owicki david.gries
rohit.parikh burton.dreben
david.park hartley.rogers
tory.parsons albert.tucker
mike.paterson david.park
a.paz michael.rabin
yehoshua.perl shimon.even
gary.peterson mike.fischer
ron.pinter charles.leiserson
david.plaisted bob.floyd
mike.plass don.knuth
joan.plumstead manuel.blum
vaughan.pratt don.knuth
robert.probert pat.fischer
michael.rabin alonzo.church
charles.rackoff albert.meyer
lyle.ramshaw don.knuth
robert.reckhow steve.cook
larry.reeker allen.newell
john.reif harry.lewis
ed.reingold juris.hartmanis
bob.ritchie alonzo.church
dennis.ritchie pat.fischer
ron.rivest bob.floyd
r.w.robinson gerald.sacks
hartley.rogers alonzo.church
don.rose garrett.birkhoff
arnie.rosenberg pat.fischer
barkley.rosser alonzo.church
george.sacerdote william.boone
gerald.sacks barkley.rosser
yehoshua.sagiv jeff.ullman
sartaj.sahni ellis.horowitz
bill.sakoda manuel.blum
gerard.salton howard.aiken
walter.savitch steve.cook
tom.schaefer dick.karp
martin.schultz garrett.birkhoff
kurt.schutte david.hilbert
dana.scott alonzo.church
bob.sedgewick don.knuth
joel.seiferas albert.meyer
alan.selman paul.axt
warren.semon howard.aiken
ravi.sethi jeff.ullman
adi.shamir zohar.manna
ehud.shapiro dana.angluin
lloyd.shapley albert.tucker
mary.shaw alan.perlis
yossi.shiloach shimon.even
oded.shmueli nat.goodman
robert.shostak tom.cheatham
alan.siegal jeff.ullman
janos.simon juris.hartmanis
barbara.simons dick.karp
mike.sipser manuel.blum
thor.skolem axel.thue
dan.sleator bob.tarjan
steven.smoliar marvin.minsky
raymond.smullyan alonzo.church
marv.solomon alan.demers
paul.spirakis john.reif
fred.springsteel bob.ritchie
tom.standish alan.perlis
norman.steenrod solomon.lefschetz
hugo.steinhaus david.hilbert
larry.stockmeyer albert.meyer
bob.streett albert.meyer
ray.strong bob.ritchie
ken.supowit ed.reingold
bob.tarjan bob.floyd
clark.thompson h.t.kung
martin.tompa allan.borodin
luis.pardo don.knuth
steve.tate john.reif
d.m.tsou pat.fischer
albert.tucker solomon.lefschetz
john.tukey solomon.lefschetz
alan.turing alonzo.church
jeff.ullman arch.mckellar
jacobo.valdes bob.tarjan
les.valiant mike.paterson
chris.van.wyk don.knuth
vijay.vazirani manuel.blum
oswald.veblen e.h.moore
jeff.vitter don.knuth
jean.vuillemin zohar.manna
bob.wagner alan.perlis
mitch.wand mike.fischer
herman.weyl david.hilbert
elaine.weyuker ann.yasuhara
pierre.wolper zohar.manna
don.woods bob.tarjan
detlef.wotschke sheila.greibach
celia.wrathall ron.book
james.wylie john.hopcroft
yacov.yacobi shimon.even
mihalis.yannakakis jeff.ullman
andy.yao c.l.liu
frances.yao mike.fischer
ann.yasuhara william.boone
paul.young hartley.rogers
shmuel.zaks c.l.liu
david.reed don.loveland
no.child no.parent
owen.astrachan don.loveland
owen.astrachan martin.davis
owen.astrachan alonzo.church
don.loveland owen.astrachan
martin.davis don.loveland
alonzo.church owen.astrachan
albert.greenberg owen.astrachan
owen.astrachan albert.greenberg
owen.astrachan david.reed
fred ethel
ed.clarke owen.astrachan
ed.clarke elaine.weyuker
alan.emerson richard.ladner
richard.ladner les.valiant
les.valiant a.j.kfoury
stephen.kleene michael.rabin
gerald.sacks david.luckham
les.valiant alonzo.church
les.valiant hartley.rogers
no.child no.parent
les.valiant hartley.rogers
